debugging software for esp chips (#16)
esp-rs/book: src/tooling/debugging/probe-rs.md

# probe-rs

The probe-rs project is a set of tools to interact with embedded MCU's using various debug probes. It is similar to openOCD, PyOCD, Segger tools etc. There is support for ARM & RISCV architectures along with a collection of tools, including but not limited to:

- Debugger
  - GDB support.
  - CLI for interactive debugging.
  - VSCode extension.
- RTT (Real Time Transfer)
  - Similar to app_trace component of IDF.
- Flashing algorithms

More info about probe-rs & how to set up a project, can be found on the [probe.rs](https://probe.rs/) website.

## `USB-JTAG-SERIAL` peripheral for esp32c3 

> Starting from `probe-rs` v0.12, it is possible to flash and debug the esp32c3 with the builtin `USB-JTAG-SERIAL` peripheral, no need for any external hardware debugger. More info on configuring the interface can be found in the [official documentation].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from `probe-rs` v0.12, it is possible to flash and debug the ESP32-C3 with the builtin `USB-JTAG-SERIAL` peripheral, no need for any external hardware debugger. More info on configuring the interface can be found in the [official documentation].
```
